[Music]
alright take this test to find out which
nickname is perfect for you do you or
did you ever have a nickname it can add
some secrecy to your life and be a great
conversation starter you'll want to know
why someone is called mr. silly pants
right Brightside will help you find a
nickname which is perfect for you based
on your personality Hey
you will answer 10 questions and get
points for each of your choices take a
sheet of paper and a pencil or start a
note on your smartphone to calculate
your points Ready Steady Go
alrighty here's number 1 pick a coffee
let's start with an easy one how about a
cup of coffee pick one of these yummy
options a regular fresh brewed coffee be
Express all see I actually prefer t-d
caramel latte and II unicorn Frappuccino
Wow
they grind up a unicorn for that no way
[Music]
all right
a is 40 points B is 30 points C 10
points D 20 points e 50 points number to
choose a dog breed so choose a dog breed
you find the most appealing a husky be
Golden Retriever see Jack Russell
terrier D Chinese Crested dog e
greyhound
a is 40 points B is 10 points C is 20
points D is 50 points and E is 30 points
[Music]
number three which outfit would you
prefer you are what you wear or was it
you are what you eat anyway
pick an outfit you feel most comfortable
in a a suit be anything comfortable and
durable see pajamas D my Instagram helps
me pick outfits lets me check what's the
latest fashion he anything designed by
me a is 30 points B is 40 points C is 10
points D is 20 points and E is 50 points
number 4
what do you mostly use the social
networking sites for a the internet is
my speakers corner B I am subscribed to
all channel groups C I make my friends
and followers happy with my daily
updates they're mostly about me myself
and I sometimes coffee and sunsets come
into play d motivational pages and
business groups are my everything e I
post and share only really important
stuff on parenting
[Music]
a is 50 points B is 40 points C is 20
points D is 30 points E is 10 points
[Music]
number five which of these songs could
be the soundtrack to your life a burn it
down by Linkin Park or anything by
Linkin Park really be happy by Pharrell
Williams because you're happy and you
want everyone to clap along see army of
me by björk D problem by ariana grande
and Iggy Azalea II the nights by Avicii
[Music]
a is 30 points B is 10 points C is 50
points D is 20 points e is 40 points
number six
what would you never ever do if more
than one option sounds crazy to you pick
one thing which seems absolutely
unthinkable a pierce my nose or dye my
hair purple be be like everyone else
see quit my job and spend up all my
savings just for fun d bungee-jumping e
settle down a is worth 10 points be 50
points c is worth 30 points d 20 points
and e forty points number seven what
would you take with you when leaving on
a spaceship any time soon imagine you
were chosen to join a group of fellows
leaving for mars you're only allowed to
take one thing with you remember the
internet does not work there a photo
album or digital photo frame with
pictures of my loved ones be books see
make a bag shaving kit you want to look
good for the aliens write d-x box e
fitness gear
a is worth 10 points B 30 points C 20
points D 50 points e 40 points so here's
question 8 what would you spend a
million dollars on you just won the
lottery
who what shall you do a travel the world
of course the gifts for everyone see I
won't spend it I will invest it to
multiply it D finally I will buy all the
luxury clothing and accessories I wanted
e I will start a modern art gallery
[Music]
a is worth 40 points B is worth 10
points C is worth 30 points D is where
20 points and E is worth 50 points
[Music]
number 9
pick a bumper sticker quote hey life is
a journey not a destination B keep calm
and be a unicorn the unicorn again hmm
see there is no elevator to success you
have to take the stairs D family where
life begins and love never ends
e sunshine mixed with a little hurricane
[Music]
a is worth 40 points be 50 points C 30
points D 10 points and E 20 points
[Music]
number 10 how serious are you about
nicknames a very serious just like I am
about anything else B can't wait to find
out and tell everyone see I want to see
what you got for me but I am hard to
please
d what's in a name e I just realized I
don't really care I changed my mind a
lot a is worth 30 points B 10 points C
20 points D 40 points e 50 points now do
your math to find out the results there
you go 102 180 points your nickname
should be household CEO your family and
the comfort of your own home mean the
world to you you are loving caring and
have a big heart 190 to 260 points
social guru is the perfect name for you
you are hashtag awesome and everyone
should know about it you have to know
and follow all the latest trends and you
love to share stuff with your online
audience 272 340 points you are a
typical livewire you are super energetic
and driven you want to succeed at
everything you do and you got it you
have great business management skills
and plans to take over the world
350 to 420 points
daredevil you want the excitement the
thrill and the drive traveling seems
like the perfect source of all of the
above for you
432 500 points 432 500 points is a
typical score for an outlander normal is
basically a swear word for you you are
naturally original at whatever you do
keep on shining if you like this test or
your new nickname give us a thumbs up if
you want more here's a link to another
fun test that will help you find out
what your mental age is don't forget to
subscribe to our channel to be the first
to see all the updates join us on the
bright side
[Music]